thank you for taking the time to meet with me again I'm again to refresh your memory the reason why
I'm we're speaking again today
it's cuz it's very important for us to get the Google
analytics read-only access to your account
again refresh your memory will be using that read-only access
NordicTrack you campaigns performance to help prove attribution of the campaign back to you
okay interesting so I actually have a web guy that manages by Google Analytics
I don't know if I feel comfortable giving you that read-only access since I have him already doing reports for me
all the time
cheer up guy so that I can reach out to them personally
I mean honestly it's not conflicting between us to I mean we would be supplementing each other and he would just need to be granting us the access was not really
anything that would compromise anything that he's doing on your website and honestly
a nice word of your back end note agency or web manager this is not a type of analysis that they can do on their own
so what we're going to do is again refresh your memory
we want to take a deeper dive into his analytics to pull out key geographical insights in the zones that we are airing your campaign
in again your Zone refresh your memory is our proprietary
a geographical area under Soul County
and we can help boil down all that data
and it helped create an Easy-to-Read
case study and pull up those key metrics
you're from the exact area that we're running your campaign in
the date of back to you from exactly is running
all right that's pretty convincing I'll give you my website guys email and I'll connect the two of you
NOTE lang en